Update README.md (#69)
microsoft/c9-python-getting-started: README.md

### Peek at data science tools

> [Even more Python for beginners](https://aka.ms/evenmorepython) is a practical exploration of a couple of the most common packages and tools you'll use when working with data and machine learning. While we won't dig into why you choose particular machine learning models (that's another course), you will get hands-on with Jupyter Notebooks, and create and test models using sci-kit-learn and pandas.

Reviewer: The name of the library is scikit-learn

```suggestion
[Even more Python for beginners](https://aka.ms/evenmorepython) is a practical exploration of a couple of the most common packages and tools you'll use when working with data and machine learning. While we won't dig into why you choose particular machine learning models (that's another course), you will get hands-on with Jupyter Notebooks, and create and test models using scikit-learn and pandas.

```

## Contributing

> This project welcomes contributions and suggestions.  Most contributions require you to agree to a Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to and actually do, grant us the right to use your contribution. For details, visit https://cla.opensource.microsoft.com.

Reviewer: The legal docs :-)

```suggestion
This project welcomes contributions and suggestions.  Most contributions require you to agree to a Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit https://cla.opensource.microsoft.com.

```
